<html>



<head>



<title>Licton Springs Neighborhood</title>



<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">



<script language="JavaScript">



<!--



function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0



 var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;



}







function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0



 var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();



  var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)



  if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}



}







function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v3.0



 var p,i,x; if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {



  d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}



 if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];



 for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document); return x;



}







function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0



 var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)



  if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}



}



//-->



</script>







</head>







<body bgcolor="#FFFFCC" onLoad="MM_preloadImages('/images/native-on.gif','../images/park-on.gif','../images/history-on.gif','../images/kiosks-on.gif')" text="#003300" link="#003300" vlink="#cc6600" alink="#00ffff">



<table width="600" border="0" height="104" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">



 <tr bgcolor="#669999" align="center" border="0"> 



  <td height="72" align="center" border="0"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/licslogo.gif" width="600" height="72"></td>



 </tr>



 <tr bgcolor="999966"> 



  <td height="26" align="center"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/topnavcouncil.gif" width="599" height="23" usemap="#ccheader" border="0"><map name="ccheader"><area shape="rect" coords="18,4,78,20" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/index.html" alt="Welcome" title="Welcome"><area shape="rect" coords="101,3,193,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/localin/localopen.html" alt="Local Interest" title="Local Interest"><area shape="rect" coords="220,4,373,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/action.html" alt="Neighborhood in Action" title="Neighborhood in Action"><area shape="rect" coords="398,4,516,22" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/council.html" alt="Community Council" title="Community Council"><area shape="rect" coords="536,3,593,21" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/currents.html" alt="Currents" title="Currents"></map></td>



 </tr>



</table>



<table width="601" border="0" height="303" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">



 <tr bgcolor="99CC99" align="center"> 



  <td width="146" align="center" valign="top" bgcolor="99CC99" > 



   <p>&nbsp;</p>

			 

      <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

        <a href="feb03.htm"><b>February 

        2003</b></a></font> 

      </p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><a href="jan03.htm"><b>January 

        2003</b></a></font></p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><a href="Nov02.htm"><b>November 

        2002</b></a></font></p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><br>

        <br>

        </font></p>

      <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><br>

        </font></p>

      <Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">



   <p><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/cattail2.jpg" width="144" height="216"> </p>



   </font></td>



  <td width="18" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" > 



   <p><br>



   </p>



   <p>&nbsp;</p>



    <td width="437" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" > 

      <div align="center"><br>

        <font face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

        </font>

        <div align="center"><font face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b>LICTON 

          SPRINGS 

          COMMUNITY 

          COUNCIL</b></font> 

        </div>

        <p align=center style='text-align:center'><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

          <b>Minutes 

          of 

          Board 

          Meeting:<br>

          March 

          19, 

          2003 

          </b><b><br>

          NSCC 

          Student 

          Club 

          Room 

          </b></font></p>

        <p align=left style='text-align:left'><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Directors 

          Present</u>:  

          Liz 

          Kearns, 

          Jerry 

          Owens, 

          Debra 

          Willendorf, 

          JJ 

          Avinger-Jacques, 

          Wanda 

          Fullner, 

          Bert 

          Bradley, 

          and 

          Ellen 

          Beck.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Board 

          Representatives 

          Present</u>:  

          Ken 

          Thompson 

          (North 

          Precinct 

          Representative) 

          and 

          Wally 

          Fosmore 

          (North 

          Seattle 

          Community 

          College 

          Representative).</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Visitors</u>:  

          Jean 

          Wirch 

          and 

          Ted 

          Pickett.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">President 

          Liz 

          Kearns 

          called 

          the 

          meeting 

          to 

          order 

          at 

          7:10 

          p.m., 

          welcoming 

          everyone.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz 

          reported 

          receiving 

          a 

          notice 

          from 

          Seattle 

          Councilman 

          Richard 

          Conlin 

          regarding 

          a 

          meeting 

          concerning 

          Northgate.  

          The 

          meeting 

          will 

          be 

          March 

          27, 

          2003 

          at 

          the 

          Victory 

          Heights 

          Field 

          House, 

          beginning 

          at 

          7:00 

          p.m.  

          Councilman 

          Conlin 

          requested 

          two 

          Board 

          members 

          from 

          Licton 

          Springs 

          attend 

          the 

          meeting.  

          Liz 

          and 

          Jerry 

          Owens 

          said 

          that 

          they 

          would 

          attend.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">We 

          then 

          went 

          around 

          the 

          table 

          and 

          everyone 

          introduced 

          themselves.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><b><u>Minutes</u>: 

          </b> Minutes 

          from 

          the 

          February&nbsp;19, 

          2003 

          meeting 

          were 

          approved 

          as 

          presented.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><b><u>Treasurer’s 

          Report</u>:  

          </b></font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Treasurer 

          Debra 

          Willendorf 

          reported 

          that 

          Licton 

          Spring’s 

          domain 

          name 

          has 

          been 

          paid 

          for 

          the 

          next 

          five 

          years.  

          We 

          also 

          have 

          12,000 

          prepaid 

          copies 

          at 

          the 

          UPS 

          Store.  

          The 

          total 

          available 

          funds 

          in 

          checking 

          is 

          $1,896.96.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          would 

          contact 

          Edie 

          Whitsett 

          about 

          the 

          $2,300.00 

          in 

          EIF 

          funds 

          for 

          the 

          tree 

          study 

          at 

          Mineral 

          Springs 

          Park 

          that 

          have 

          not 

          been 

          spent.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoHeader align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><b><u>OLD 

          BUSINESS:</u></b></font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Budget</u>.  

          We 

          next 

          turned 

          to 

          a 

          discussion 

          of 

          the 

          2003 

          budget.  

          Debra 

          used 

          the 

          greenboard 

          in 

          the 

          Club 

          Room 

          to 

          put 

          up 

          the 

          2002 

          budget 

          and 

          the 

          2002 

          actual 

          expenditures.  

          She 

          made 

          a 

          column 

          for 

          2003 

          budget 

          and 

          we 

          went 

          through 

          the 

          budget 

          item 

          by 

          item 

          to 

          determine 

          the 

          2003 

          budget.  

          It 

          was 

          moved 

          and 

          seconded 

          and 

          we 

          approved 

          a 

          2003 

          budget 

          totaling 

          $1,455.03.  

          Debra 

          said 

          she 

          would 

          e-mail 

          the 

          finalized 

          budget 

          to 

          the 

          group.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Newsletter</u>.  

          We 

          had 

          a 

          discussion 

          concerning 

          the 

          Newsletter.  

          Liz 

          had 

          pointed 

          out 

          during 

          the 

          budget 

          discussion 

          that 

          she 

          felt 

          we 

          could 

          plan 

          on 

          three 

          Newsletters 

          this 

          year 

          and 

          three 

          Newsletters 

          next 

          year 

          with 

          funds 

          available 

          at 

          this 

          time.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Wanda 

          agreed 

          to 

          edit/proofread 

          the 

          Newsletter.  

          JJ 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          had 

          noticed 

          a 

          lot 

          of 

          errors 

          in 

          the 

          recent 

          Newsletters 

          and 

          this 

          was 

          not 

          good.  

          Debra 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          felt 

          we 

          should 

          be 

          willing 

          to 

          pay 

          to 

          have 

          the 

          headings 

          scanned.  

          JJ 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          had 

          given 

          all 

          the 

          graphics 

          to 

          Julia 

          on 

          a 

          floppy.  

          Bert 

          said 

          that 

          he 

          could 

          scan 

          the 

          headings.  

          Debra 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          would 

          like 

          to 

          see 

          the 

          Newsletter 

          in 

          a 

          format 

          that 

          is 

          not 

          Mac.  

          Even 

          though 

          Mac 

          is 

          every 

          good, 

          most 

          people 

          do 

          not 

          have 

          a 

          Mac 

          and 

          it 

          makes 

          it 

          difficult 

          for 

          us 

          to 

          find 

          people 

          to 

          volunteer 

          to 

          work 

          on 

          the 

          Newsletter.  

          Liz 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          would 

          talk 

          to 

          John 

          at 

          the 

          UPS 

          Store 

          and 

          also 

          to 

          her 

          neighbor, 

          Lisa 

          Henry, 

          who 

          is 

          a 

          computer 

          systems 

          person 

          and 

          we 

          might 

          be 

          able 

          to 

          get 

          some 

          assistance 

          from 

          her.  

          Liz 

          also 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          would 

          speak 

          with 

          Julia.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Mailing 

          the 

          Newsletter 

          was 

          discussed.  

          We 

          mail 

          standard 

          bulk.  

          Ted 

          Pickett 

          suggested 

          that 

          using 

          some 

          advertising 

          could 

          help 

          us 

          with 

          the 

          cost 

          of 

          the 

          Newsletter.  

          It 

          was 

          pointed 

          out 

          that 

          we 

          had 

          investigated 

          previously 

          and 

          found 

          that 

          we 

          could 

          not 

          advertise 

          and 

          still 

          mail 

          at 

          our 

          lower 

          rate.  

          Bert 

          volunteered 

          to 

          investigate 

          if 

          regulations 

          had 

          changed 

          and 

          if, 

          perhaps, 

          we 

          could 

          now 

          use 

          some 

          advertising.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>BOARD 

          ELECTIONS</u>.</b>  

          Liz 

          stated 

          that 

          the 

          following 

          directors 

          had 

          terms 

          now 

          expiring:  

          Jerry 

          Owens, 

          Debra 

          Willendorf, 

          Yvonne 

          Pilling 

          Zoretic, 

          and 

          JJ 

          Avinger-Jacques.  

          She 

          asked 

          each 

          one 

          present 

          if 

          they 

          were 

          willing 

          to 

          serve 

          another 

          two-year 

          term.  

          They 

          were.  

          Liz 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          had 

          spoken 

          with 

          Yvonne 

          and 

          Yvonne 

          was 

          willing 

          to 

          also.  

          Liz 

          said 

          that 

          Yvonne 

          had 

          thought 

          that 

          by 

          next 

          month 

          she 

          would 

          return 

          to 

          meetings.  

          We 

          said 

          that 

          Yvonne 

          could 

          bring 

          little 

          Katharine 

          Danielle 

          (born 

          3/4/03, 

          7 

          lb. 

          15 

          oz., 

          19 

          inches 

          long) 

          to 

          our 

          meetings!</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz 

          pointed 

          out 

          that 

          we 

          do 

          have 

          an 

          opening 

          on 

          the 

          Board 

          and 

          asked 

          Ted 

          Pickett 

          if 

          he 

          would 

          be 

          interested 

          and 

          he 

          said 

          he 

          would.  

          Liz 

          reviewed 

          the 

          projects 

          of 

          the 

          Board 

          and 

          discussed 

          upcoming 

          meetings.  

          Ted 

          Pickett 

          was 

          nominated 

          and 

          elected 

          to 

          the 

          Board.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>PILLING’S 

          POND</u></b>.  

          Wanda 

          Fullner 

          reported 

          on 

          Pilling’s 

          Pond.  

          A 

          deadline 

          was 

          approaching 

          on 

          March 

          31<sup>st</sup>.  

          The 

          Buy-Sell 

          expires 

          at 

          that 

          time 

          and 

          Wanda 

          said 

          that 

          a 

          buyer 

          was 

          not 

          in 

          place.  

          She 

          said 

          that 

          it 

          could 

          not 

          be 

          the 

          College 

          for 

          a 

          variety 

          of 

          reasons, 

          but 

          that 

          the 

          College 

          would 

          remain 

          involved 

          and 

          supportive.  

          Wanda 

          said 

          that 

          the 

          committee 

          planned 

          to 

          meet 

          with 

          the 

          family 

          and 

          talk.  

          The 

          family 

          needs 

          to 

          let 

          the 

          committee 

          know 

          what 

          the 

          family’s 

          thoughts 

          are 

          on 

          preservation.  

          At 

          this 

          time 

          there 

          is 

          no 

          hurry, 

          and 

          it 

          was 

          important 

          to 

          find 

          out 

          the 

          family’s 

          wishes.  

          Wanda 

          said 

          that 

          we 

          need 

          to 

          let 

          them 

          know 

          that 

          the 

          community 

          cares 

          and 

          wants 

          to 

          see 

          the 

          Pond 

          preserved.  

          The 

          Pilling 

          Pond 

          Preservation 

          Society 

          been 

          formed, 

          but 

          they 

          don’t 

          want 

          the 

          family 

          to 

          feel 

          threatened.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>NORTH 

          SEATTLE 

          COMMUNITY 

          COLLEGE</u></b>.  

          Wally 

          Fosmore 

          said 

          that 

          the 

          College 

          is 

          still 

          in 

          negotiations 

          with 

          the 

          Seattle 

          School 

          District 

          to 

          lease 

          space 

          at 

          Wilson-Pacific.  

          He 

          said 

          that 

          they 

          were 

          making 

          provisions 

          so 

          that 

          the 

          move 

          there 

          would 

          not 

          be 

          until 

          the 

          fall.  

          He 

          reported 

          the 

          College 

          is 

          going 

          ahead 

          with 

          changes 

          to 

          the 

          Child 

          Care 

          Building.  

          </font> 

        </p>

        <p class=MsoHeader align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><b><u>NEW 

          BUSINESS:</u></b></font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><u><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Northgate 

          Meeting</font></u><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">.  

          Bert 

          Bradley 

          reported 

          on 

          the 

          Northgate 

          “Open 

          House” 

          meeting 

          at 

          Nathan 

          Hale 

          High 

          School, 

          which 

          he 

          had 

          just 

          come 

          from.  

          Bert 

          had 

          multiple 

          handouts 

          from 

          the 

          Open 

          House 

          and 

          related 

          conversations 

          he 

          had 

          had 

          there.  

          A 

          spirited 

          discussion 

          followed.  

          Board 

          members 

          wanted 

          to 

          know 

          where 

          Jerry 

          and 

          Liz 

          stood 

          on 

          Northgate, 

          if 

          they 

          were 

          going 

          to 

          go 

          to 

          the 

          Richard 

          Conlin 

          meeting 

          and 

          give 

          input 

          on 

          behalf 

          of 

          Licton 

          Springs.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz 

          reported 

          on 

          conversations 

          she 

          has 

          had 

          with 

          Barbara 

          Maxwell 

          of 

          the 

          Northgate 

          community.  

          Liz 

          said 

          that 

          Barbara 

          had 

          requested 

          to 

          come 

          to 

          one 

          of 

          our 

          meetings 

          to 

          give 

          us 

          their 

          background 

          and 

          views 

          on 

          Northgate, 

          and 

          the 

          history 

          of 

          their 

          dealings 

          with 

          the 

          City 

          and 

          with 

          Simon 

          Properties.</font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Bert 

          said 

          that 

          he 

          had 

          talked 

          with 

          Richard 

          Conlin 

          at 

          the 

          Open 

          House.  

          Bert 

          said 

          that 

          he 

          was 

          asked 

          to 

          encourage 

          the 

          Licton 

          Springs 

          Board 

          members 

          to 

          attend 

          the 

          meeting.  

          Many 

          said 

          they 

          could 

          make 

          the 

          meeting 

          and 

          Liz 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          would 

          e-mail 

          to 

          us 

          the 

          directions 

          for 

          getting 

          to 

          the 

          Victory 

          Heights 

          Field 

          House.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">The 

          meeting 

          was 

          adjourned 

          at 

          9:00 

          p.m.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Respectfully 

          submitted,</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Ellen 

          M. 

          Beck, 

          Secretary</font></p>

  </div>

      <p><font size="2"><strong><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" color="339999"><a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/index.html"><b>Welcome</b></a><b> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/localin/localopen.html">Local 

        Interest</a> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/action.html">Neighborhood 

        in 

        Action</a><br>

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/council.html">Community 

        Council</a> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/currents.html">Currents 

        Newsletter</a> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/links.html">Links</a></b></font></strong></font> 

      </p>

      <p align="center">&nbsp; 

      <p align="center">&nbsp; 

      </p>

      <font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="-4" color="#003300"> 

      </font> 

  </tr>



</table>



</body>



</html>







