<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>
	<META HTTP-EQUIV="CONTENT-TYPE" CONTENT="text/html; charset=utf-8">
	<TITLE>LICTON SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL</TITLE>
	<META NAME="GENERATOR" CONTENT="OpenOffice.org 3.4.1  (Unix)">
	<META NAME="AUTHOR" CONTENT="Ellen Beck">
	<META NAME="CREATED" CONTENT="20120304;18570000">
	<META NAME="CHANGEDBY" CONTENT="Ellen">
	<META NAME="CHANGED" CONTENT="20120322;20320000">
	<META NAME="Doc No." CONTENT="EMB Personal\LSCC\2009 Minutes\November 18.doc">
	<STYLE TYPE="text/css">
	<!--
		@page { margin: 1in }
		@page:first { }
		P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; direction: ltr; color: #000000; widows: 2; orphans: 2 }
		P.western { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 12pt; so-language: en-US }
		P.cjk { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 12pt }
		P.ctl { font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 12pt; so-language: ar-SA }
		P.sdfootnote-western { margin-bottom: 0in; font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 10pt; so-language: en-US }
		P.sdfootnote-cjk { margin-bottom: 0in; font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 10pt }
		P.sdfootnote-ctl { margin-bottom: 0in; font-family: "Times New Roman", serif; font-size: 10pt; so-language: ar-SA }
		A:link { color: #0000ff }
		A:visited { color: #800080 }
		A.western:visited { so-language: en-US }
		A.cjk:visited { so-language: zh-CN }
		A.ctl:visited { so-language: hi-IN }
		A.sdfootnoteanc { font-size: 57% }
	-->
	</STYLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY LANG="en-US" TEXT="#000000" LINK="#0000ff" VLINK="#800080" DIR="LTR">
<DIV TYPE=HEADER>
	<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
	</P>
</DIV>
<P CLASS="western" ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">LICTON
SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Minutes
of Community Meeting, February 15, 2012 </U></FONT>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>NSCC
Conference Room  B2311</U></FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Directors
Present</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">:  Liz Kearns, Kay
Mesirow, Tom Meyer, and Ellen Beck.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Board
Representatives Present</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">: 
Ken Thompson (Liaison to North Precinct), and Kathleen Braden (List
Serve).</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Visitors</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">:
 Jean Wirch, Jan Brucker, Christian Rusby (Sustainability Coordinator
at NSCC and heads up NSCC P-Patch Project), and Eric Johnston.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">President
Liz Kearns called the meeting to order at 7:00 p.m.  </FONT>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Minutes</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.
 The October 19, 2011 minutes were previously approved as presented.</FONT><SUP><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><A CLASS="sdfootnoteanc" NAME="sdfootnote1anc" HREF="feb12.html#sdfootnote1sym"><SUP>1</SUP></A></FONT></SUP></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U><B>NEW
BUSINESS</B></U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>NSCC
 P-Patch</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.  Christian
Busby first presented news about the P-Patch at NSCC.  He said that
the Committee is applying for a $20,000.00 grant, for which the
deadline is March&nbsp;12, 2012.  One thousand volunteer hours are
required.  A sign-up sheet was passed around.  A Design Event will
take place on Monday, February 27, 2012, from 6:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. 
A landscape architect has volunteered his time in facilitating a
charrette.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Christian
announced that the P-Patch Committee is looking for a physical
sponsorship with an existing 501(c)(3) entity.  He said he was
comfortable with either Licton Springs Community Council or the
P-Patch Trust fulfilling this role.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Christian
explained that the P-Patch is a community project.  The
Sustainability Committee will sit on the “P-Patch Circle,” as
well as representatives of the gardeners and community.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Seattle
P-Patch Community will coordinate gardeners, provide garden support,
deal with conflicts, and pest issues.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">The
approximate cost for P-Patch gardeners is $38.00 per year.  Water use
will be monitored.  It may be necessary to connect to the main
waterline at North 92</FONT><SUP><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">nd</FONT></SUP><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">,
but if that is required, a meter will be installed.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">The
P-Patch will be 10,000 square feet.  A tool shed and places to
rest/eat are planned.  There will be allocated Food Bank plots, as
well as plots for specific groups, i.e., students, veterans.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Jan
Brucker suggested we could have a “Harvest Celebration” event. 
We could arrange for speakers, etc.  It would be a community building
event.  Also, we could advocate for sculptures and other art pieces
by SNCC art students.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Christian
passed around a sign-up sheet for volunteer hours to help meet grant
requirements.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>LSCC
501(c)(3) Status</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.  We had
a discussion about consenting to the P-Patch’s use of our 501(c)(3)
status.  Liz told about grants received for Licton Springs Park, and
Jan told about the grant received for the playground improvements
installed at the Park.  With grants, there are reports, accounting
for hours, timeliness concerns, etc.  We would need to have someone
willing to take this on.  Discussion followed.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">It
was decided that the P-Patch Project should use the P-Patch Trust,
since the Trust is set up to handle situations like this.  LSCC would
be involved with projects connected to the P-Patch, i.e., artwork,
the tool shed, etc.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Edie
Whitsett Memorial</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.  A
memorial at Mineral Springs Park in honor of Edie Whitsett was
discussed.  It could be a plaque and/or harmonic chimes (permission
may be required from the Parks Department).  Jan agreed to do
outreach.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Maple
Leaf Letter</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.  The
February 7, 2012 letter from the Maple Leaf Community Council was
discussed.  It was decided that LSCC needs to be involved in the
planning involving changes at Northgate in connection with light
rail’s arrival.  There should be traffic studies.  It needs to be
determined if studies have been done that could be included.  It may
be that if studies have been done, perhaps they have not been
updated.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Blanchet
High School Football Lights</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.
 Eric Johnston spoke to us about the 70-foot stadium lighting
proposed for the football field at Blanchet High School.  Eric is
concerned that the impact studies are reported to be inadequate by
the immediate neighbors who have taken the time to visit the
Department of Planning and Development.  He reported that his
discussions, with members of the design team at the BBHS open house,
seem to indicate that there was little or no assessment of the
lighting on the dark skies of North Seattle or what the impact on
property values by obstructing views from many homes.  Eric said that
the studies seem to be more concerned with how much light would spill
on the ground a few feed from the field, rather than the broader
impact on those walking Green Lake at night, or the many households
from Phinney Ridge to Maple Leaf and Green Lake to Licton Springs,
who will lose their ability to enjoy sunsets, views of the ridges and
mountains ranges, because the banks of bright lights will be fixed in
their field of view.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">  
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">        <FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Eric
also wonders if the school’s primary motivation is to support five
to six night football games per year, why do they need a permit which
specifically allows use until 10:00 p.m. five days per week and until
6:00 p.m. the other two days per week.  He seems to think that they
should simply be granted a permit to bring in portable lighting
trucks and sound equipment for use on those days.  Reducing the
impact on thousands of people but still enabling them to support
their program.  Eric also told us about his efforts to launch a new
website for neighbor to neighbor collaboration on issues such as
this.  Apparently there is additional information on this project
published there and he believes it would be helpful if the community
were to voice their concern by adding comments on this site.  The
site is http://OurHood.info.  Eric hopes to get members of the design
team to post supporting documents there and provide clarification
regarding the project and the School’s intent, believing that
having a central place for people to voice their concerns, on all
sides of the issue will help to insure a better long term solution
for our community.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>Aurora
Merchants</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.  Jan reported
attending a 7:00 a.m. meeting of the Aurora Merchants.  She said
there was a lot of discussion about the North Precinct and the
potential of the Precinct being split into two Precincts.  The Aurora
Merchants are in favor of a precinct being located at 130</FONT><SUP><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">th</FONT></SUP><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">
and Aurora.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif"><U>North
Precinct</U></FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">.  There was
discussion about the North Precinct.  It was agreed that the grassy
area to the south of the North Precinct should be considered as the
location for a larger North Precinct.  LSCC needs to be more
involved.  What other options are being considered?</FONT><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">
</FONT>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Our
next meeting is Wednesday, March 21, 2012.  </FONT>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">The
meeting adjourned at 9:00 p.m.</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Respectfully
submitted,</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><FONT FACE="Book Antiqua, serif">Ellen
M. Beck, Secretary</FONT></P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
</P>
<P CLASS="western" ALIGN=JUSTIFY STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><SDFIELD TYPE=DOCINFO SUBTYPE=CUSTOM NAME="Doc No.">EMB Personal\LSCC\2009 Minutes\November 18.doc</SDFIELD></P>
<DIV ID="sdfootnote1">
	<P CLASS="sdfootnote-western"><A CLASS="sdfootnotesym" NAME="sdfootnote1sym" HREF="feb12.html#sdfootnote1anc">1</A>
	The November 16, 2011 meeting was cancelled.  The January 18, 2012
	meeting was not held because NSCC was closed due to the snow storm.</P>
	<P CLASS="sdfootnote-western"><BR>
	</P>
</DIV>
<DIV TYPE=FOOTER>
	<P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR>
	</P>
</DIV>
</BODY>
</HTML>