<html>

<head>

<title>Licton Springs Neighborhood</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">

<script language="JavaScript">

<!--

function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0

 var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;

}



function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0

 var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();

  var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)

  if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}

}



function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v3.0

 var p,i,x; if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {

  d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}

 if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];

 for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document); return x;

}



function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0

 var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)

  if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}

}

//-->

</script>



</head>



<body bgcolor="#FFFFCC" onLoad="MM_preloadImages('/images/native-on.gif','../images/park-on.gif','../images/history-on.gif','../images/kiosks-on.gif')" text="#003300" link="#003300" vlink="#cc6600" alink="#00ffff">

<table width="600" border="0" height="104" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">

 <tr bgcolor="#669999" align="center" border="0"> 

  <td height="72" align="center" border="0"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/licslogo.gif" width="600" height="72"></td>

 </tr>

 <tr bgcolor="999966"> 

  <td height="26" align="center"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/topnavcouncil.gif" width="599" height="23" usemap="#ccheader" border="0"><map name="ccheader"><area shape="rect" coords="18,4,78,20" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/index.html" alt="Welcome" title="Welcome"><area shape="rect" coords="101,3,193,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/localin/localopen.html" alt="Local Interest" title="Local Interest"><area shape="rect" coords="220,4,373,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/action.html" alt="Neighborhood in Action" title="Neighborhood in Action"><area shape="rect" coords="398,4,516,22" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/council.html" alt="Community Council" title="Community Council"><area shape="rect" coords="536,3,593,21" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/currents.html" alt="Currents" title="Currents"></map></td>

 </tr>

</table>

<table width="601" border="0" height="303" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">

 <tr bgcolor="99CC99" align="center"> 

  <td width="146" align="center" valign="top" bgcolor="99CC99" > 

  <p>&nbsp</p>
			  <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><a href="feb02.html"><b>February 2002</b></a><br>
				<br><a href="jan02.html"><b>January 2002</b></a><br>
    <br><a href="nov01.html"><b>November 2001</b></a><br>
				 			</p>

   <p><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/cattail2.jpg" width="144" height="216"> </p>

   </td>

  <td width="18" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" > 

   <p><br>

   </p>

   <p>&nbsp;</p>

  <td width="437" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" >

   <div align="center"><br>

						<font face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b>LICTON
    SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL</b></font> </div>

   <p align=center style='text-align:center'><b><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Minutes of Board Meeting:<br>

    January 16, 2002<br>

    NSCC President's Board Room</font></b></p>

	   <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Directors Present</u>: Liz Kearns, Jerry Owens, Debra Willendorf, J.J. Avinger-Jacques, 
Wanda Fullner, Bert Bradley, and Ellen Beck.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Board Representatives Present</u>: Pam Larsen (Seattle City Light Representative), Ken 
Thompson (North Precinct Representative), and Jan Brucker (Arts Council).</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Visitors</u>: Laura Nichols and Jean Wirch.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">President Liz Kearns called the meeting to order at 7:05 p.m., welcoming everyone. 
We then went around the table and all present introduced themselves.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>Minutes</u>:</b> The minutes from October 17, 2001 and November 14, 2001 meetings were 
discussed. Debra Willendorf, who was not at the November 14th meeting, requested 
information on how the decision had been reached to research becoming a 501(c)(3). It 
was explained that the subject had come up both in conjunction with Newsletter 
mailing costs and with fundraising efforts. The October 17, 2001 and November 14, 
2001 minutes were thereafter both approved as presented.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Jean Wirch noted that a friend of hers, Sandy Deja, has helped nonprofit organizations 
become 501(c)(3) organizations. Jean said she would give Liz information on how to 
contact Sandy.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>Treasurer's Report</u>:</b> Debra Willendorf submitted a written Treasurer's Report 
showing LSCC has a balance of $4,896.42 as of December 31, 2001. Debra noted that of 
this amount $3,904.74 was already committed, bringing our "real" balance to $991.68. 
She said that she has been receiving quite a few membership renewals.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Debra pointed out that the Board needs to approve a budget for 2002. A discussion followed. It was decided that we would vote on the 2002 budget at our next meeting.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">The Treasurer's Report was accepted as presented.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>NEW BUSINESS</u>:</b></font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Membership Flyer</u>. Liz requested comments on getting out the membership flyer. 
One option was to have Roger Turner's people deliver it with their next flyer. Because 
Roger Turner does not deliver to renters, it was decided that the membership flyer 
should be mailed, so as to reach a wider audience.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Neighborhood Meeting</u>. The Department of Neighborhoods - Northwest Sector has 
talked with Liz about a meeting in March focusing on transportation. The exact date 
has not been set. Jerry Owens and Bert Bradley mentioned that the SR 99 study was in 
its budget phase at present and that the next phase would be citizen comment and 
input. It was noted that business owners will fight any loss of parking along Aurora. 
The goal of the study is to reduce accidents.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Bert mentioned that Ed Stone has told him that ETC is getting pressure to include 
Northgate as soon as possible, or give a timeline when Northgate would be reached. 
Ed Stone has said that what is needed is a combining of neighborhoods to bring a 
coalesced voice to the ETC. Bert volunteered to contact Mike McGinnis in Greenwood 
and other representatives in the other nearby neighborhoods.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>North Seattle Police Precinct</u>. Liz began a discussion of the North Seattle Police 
Precinct, which has needed a bigger building and more parking spaces for a number 
of years.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Laura Nichols, who has lived across the street from the Precinct at 1821 North 100th for 
eight years, said that the original building permit was for conditional use. The 
Precinct is constructed on a single family zoned lot. The original building permit was 
conditional as to the height and bulk of the building. The City was to also maintain 
the trees on the lot. The City, back on November 4, 2001, drained the North Police 
Precinct Wetlands, a legally zoned Environmental Critical Area, down three manholes 
and moved in with bulldozers. Laura said that she immediately confronted the folks 
doing this work and got it stopped. Laura is founding a group entitled "North 
Precinct Neighborhood Action Group" to oppose any actions which destroy the 
wetlands. She asked for our support by attending the initial meeting of the group and 
the bigger meeting to be initiated by the City.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Discussion continued</u>. Liz Kearns asked Jan to repeat her solution for the expansion of 
the North Precinct. Jan said that she advocated leveraging investments. Northwest 
Hospital for some time has contemplated selling their outpatient facility on Meridian. 
If the City made an offer, perhaps Northwest would sell to them. That is a 13 acre 
parcel. In the future it would be very useful for the City to have that site, not only 
because the space for the Precinct and parking, but also there is enough land for a 
future off-ramp from I-5 when/if light rail and/or the monorail reach Northgate.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Ken Thompson reported that he asked the Precinct Chief about the wetlands at a recent meeting he attended. Ken said he was told that the police were not involved; it was nothing to do with them.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz reported that she has also been contacted by Sue Partridge about a community meeting concerning the North Police Precinct site and the "retaining" pond issues. LSCC would host this meeting and secure the room for same. Ms. Partridge has said that she is in the process of selecting a consultant for the expansion study and hopes to have them on board by mid-February. The meeting would take place in the first two weeks of April and be on a Monday, Tuesday, or Thursday.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Jan mentioned that the groups to be invited should not be all northend 
neighborhoods, but rather CFLN and Thornton Creek.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">(Jan then took the next moment to ask if folks knew it was Ellen's birthday??!! No, 
they did not, but all felt the occasion called for a song! Thank you, everyone.)</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Jan next suggested that we find out how the meeting is structured and that we invite 
City Council members and also Cynthia Sullivan. The City would be responsible for 
mailing out flyers and invitations to this meeting.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Jan also pointed out that the triangle above the Precinct was designated as open space 
and if the North Precinct is allowed to expand their present space, we would lose that 
open space.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Focus for 2002</u>. Liz asked members what their priorities were for this year. It was 
decided that we could e-mail our priorities to each other and then discuss our 2002 
focus at the next meeting.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Newsletter Advertising</u>. Liz said that John Labovitz and Julia Christensen have asked 
if they can run an ad in our Newsletter. Liz asked for our opinions. Jan noted that 
other communities accept advertising. She said that Maple Leaf does and she believes 
this is why they have been able to build up their treasury. It was decided that we 
would take a look at newsletters with advertising and gather information from 
newsletter editors. Liz noted that Phil Fujii has given us funds for our next 
Newsletter. At our February meeting the agenda will include exploring ads in 
newsletters. It was also suggested that running ads for businesses would be a way of 
showing our commitment to them. We should find out from Maple Leaf how much 
businesses pay for ads.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>OLD BUSINESS</u>:</b></font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Comfort Station</u>. J.J. Avinger-Jacques announced that an architect downtown has 
shown interest in partnering with Chris Herman to work on a "green" comfort 
station. Parks Department personnel would be invited to join this meeting. J.J. said 
she would e-mail out the particulars when a date and time had been decided and 
urged anyone interested to attend. It was suggested that she also contact the North 
Precinct about a police representative attending the meeting.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>EIF Money</u>. Liz announced that all EIF monies have been expended. Edie Whitsett 
will have a report for the Council shortly.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Wilson Pacific</u>. Liz reported that Lucy Morello had informed her that the District is 
now waiting on the Master Use Permit. When they receive this, they will then put the 
project out to bid. Construction should be begin in May.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz reported that Steve Brown had informed her that the School Board officially 
directed the Superintendent to lead discussions on secondary school program and 
capacity issues, these discussions to be in the near future. Steve Brown e-mailed that 
"W-P is definitely part of this equation."</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz said that she wanted to send each School Board Member a letter emphasizing the 
importance of Wilson Pacific to this community. Ellen read the draft letter. Board 
members endorsed sending the letter.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Pilling's Pond</u>. Wanda Fullner said that the Committee is working on a conservation 
easement. The School District has agreed to run a drainage pipe past the pond. The 
Committee sent a letter to DCLU to point out potential problems coming from city 
pipes. These potential problems concern Pilling's Pond. Wanda also passed out a 
Summary of Accomplishments, December 31, 2001, and Pilling's Pond Update, 
January, 2002 to those present.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Northgate Library</u>. Jan announced that there will be a meeting on January 22nd at 4:00 
p.m. on the siting of the Northgate Library Branch. She urged everyone to attend the 
meeting if possible. Jan urged everyone also to get comments to the Library Board of 
Trustees in favor of the Northgate South Parking Lot.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Northgate South Lot</u>. Jan also told us that Simon Properties has sold four of the 13 
acres of the south parking lot to Metro. There are now only nine acres there to 
develop.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Jan mentioned that the trend nationally for shopping malls is towards how University 
Village was redeveloped, with mixed uses.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Greenwood Park/Condemnations</u>. Bert Bradley asked if we had opinions/feelings 
about condemnations. The Greenwood Park is contemplating buying/condemning at 
least two homes (of the four homes that border the Park on the north) to gain more 
area for the Park. It was unanimous that those present needed more information, 
before expressing an opinion.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">The meeting was adjourned at 9:05 p.m.</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Respectfully submitted,<br>
Ellen M. Beck<br>
Secretary</font></p>

<p><font size="2"><strong><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" color="339999">
						<a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/index.html"><b>Welcome</b></a><b> | <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/localin/localopen.html">Local Interest</a> | <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/action.html">Neighborhood in Action</a><br>

      <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/council.html">Community Council</a> | <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/currents.html">Currents Newsletter</a> | <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/links.html">Links</a></b></font></strong></font> 

      </p><p align="center">&nbsp; 

      <p align="center">&nbsp; </p>

      <font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="-4" color="#003300"> 

      </font> 

  </tr>

</table>

</body>

</html>



