<html>



<head>



<title>Licton Springs Neighborhood</title>



<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">



<script language="JavaScript">



<!--



function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0



 var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;



}







function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0



 var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();



  var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)



  if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}



}







function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v3.0



 var p,i,x; if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {



  d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}



 if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];



 for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document); return x;



}







function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0



 var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)



  if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}



}



//-->



</script>







</head>







<body bgcolor="#FFFFCC" onLoad="MM_preloadImages('/images/native-on.gif','../images/park-on.gif','../images/history-on.gif','../images/kiosks-on.gif')" text="#003300" link="#003300" vlink="#cc6600" alink="#00ffff">



<table width="600" border="0" height="104" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">



 <tr bgcolor="#669999" align="center" border="0"> 



  <td height="72" align="center" border="0"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/licslogo.gif" width="600" height="72"></td>



 </tr>



 <tr bgcolor="999966"> 



  <td height="26" align="center"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/topnavcouncil.gif" width="599" height="23" usemap="#ccheader" border="0"><map name="ccheader"><area shape="rect" coords="18,4,78,20" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/index.html" alt="Welcome" title="Welcome"><area shape="rect" coords="101,3,193,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/localin/localopen.html" alt="Local Interest" title="Local Interest"><area shape="rect" coords="220,4,373,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/action.html" alt="Neighborhood in Action" title="Neighborhood in Action"><area shape="rect" coords="398,4,516,22" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/council.html" alt="Community Council" title="Community Council"><area shape="rect" coords="536,3,593,21" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/currents.html" alt="Currents" title="Currents"></map></td>



 </tr>



</table>



<table width="601" border="0" height="303" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">



 <tr bgcolor="99CC99" align="center"> 



  <td width="146" align="center" valign="top" bgcolor="99CC99" >

<p>&nbsp;</p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><a 

      href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/Desktop/mar03.htm"><b>March 

        2003</b></a></font></p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><a 

      href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/Desktop/feb03.htm"><b>February 

        2003</b></a></font> 

      </p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><a 

      href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/Desktop/jan03.htm"><b>January 

        2003</b></a></font></p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

        </font></p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><br>

        <br>

        </font></p>

      <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><br>

        </font></p>

      <Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">



   <p><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/cattail2.jpg" width="144" height="216"> </p>



   </font></td>



  <td width="18" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" > 



   <p><br>



   </p>



   <p>&nbsp;</p>



    <td width="437" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" > 

      <div align="center"><br>

        <font face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

        </font>

        <div align="center">

          <div align=center>

            <div align=center><font face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><b>LICTON 

              SPRINGS 

              COMMUNITY 

              COUNCIL</b></font> 

            </div>

            <p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center" align=center><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><b>Minutes 

              of 

              Board 

              Meeting:<br>

              April 

              16, 

              2003 

              </b><b><br>

              NSCC 

              President's 

              Board 

              Room 

              </b></font></p>

            <p style="TEXT-ALIGN: left" align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><u>Directors 

              Present</u>:&nbsp; 

              Liz 

              Kearns, 

              Jerry 

              Owens, 

              Debra 

              Willendorf, 

              JJ 

              Avinger-Jacques, 

              Wanda 

              Fullner, 

              Bert 

              Bradley, 

              Ted 

              Pickett 

              and 

              Ellen 

              Beck.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><u>Board 

              Representatives 

              Present</u>:&nbsp; 

              Ken 

              Thompson 

              (North 

              Precinct 

              Representative) 

              and 

              Wally 

              Fosmore 

              (North 

              Seattle 

              Community 

              College 

              Representative).</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><u>Visitors</u>:&nbsp; 

              Deirdre 

              Grace 

              (Department 

              of 

              Neighborhoods 

              - 

              Neighborhood 

              Development 

              Manager 

              - 

              North/Northwest 

              Sectors), 

              Jean 

              Wirch, 

              and 

              Jan 

              Brucker 

              (Citizens 

              for 

              a 

              Liveable 

              Northgate).</font></p>

            <p class=MsoNormal align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>President 

              Liz 

              Kearns 

              called 

              the 

              meeting 

              to 

              order 

              at 

              7:04 

              p.m., 

              welcoming 

              everyone. 

              We 

              then 

              went 

              around 

              the 

              table, 

              introducing 

              ourselves 

              to 

              Deirdre 

              Grace.</font></p>

            <p class=MsoNormal align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>Liz 

              reported 

              receiving 

              a 

              notice 

              from 

              Seattle 

              Councilman 

              Richard 

              Conlin 

              regarding 

              a 

              meeting 

              concerning 

              Northgate.&nbsp; 

              The 

              meeting 

              will 

              be 

              March 

              27, 

              2003 

              at 

              the 

              Victory 

              Heights 

              Field 

              House, 

              beginning 

              at 

              7:00 

              p.m.&nbsp; 

              Councilman 

              Conlin 

              requested 

              two 

              Board 

              members 

              from 

              Licton 

              Springs 

              attend 

              the 

              meeting.&nbsp; 

              Liz 

              and 

              Jerry 

              Owens 

              said 

              that 

              they 

              would 

              attend.</font></p>

            <p class=MsoNormal align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>We 

              then 

              went 

              around 

              the 

              table 

              and 

              everyone 

              introduced 

              themselves.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><b><u>Minutes</u>: 

              </b>&nbsp;Minutes 

              from 

              the 

              March 

              19, 

              2003 

              meeting 

              were 

              approved 

              as 

              presented.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><b><u>Treasurer’s 

              Report</u>:&nbsp; 

              </b></font></p>

            <p class=MsoNormal align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>TTreasurer 

              Debra 

              Willendorf 

              asked 

              if 

              there 

              were 

              any 

              corrections 

              to 

              the 

              2003 

              Approved 

              Budget. 

              There 

              were 

              none. 

              She 

              said 

              that 

              we 

              had 

              had 

              no 

              expenditures 

              since 

              last 

              month, 

              but 

              had 

              received 

              dues 

              and 

              donations. 

              Our 

              available 

              funds 

              equal 

              $2,062.60. 

              Discussion 

              followed. 

              It 

              was 

              agreed 

              that 

              we 

              have 

              our 

              positive 

              balance 

              because 

              of 

              the 

              number 

              of 

              donations 

              we 

              have 

              received. 

              It 

              is 

              a 

              great 

              help 

              when, 

              with 

              JJ's 

              help, 

              we 

              are 

              able 

              to 

              get 

              donation 

              of 

              items 

              needed 

              for 

              the 

              annual 

              picnic 

              and 

              Halloween 

              in 

              the 

              Park. 

              Also, 

              because 

              of 

              stating 

              the 

              need 

              for 

              donations 

              in 

              our 

              Newsletter, 

              members 

              of 

              the 

              community 

              send 

              donations 

              to 

              support 

              our 

              projects. 

              JJ 

              said 

              that 

              anyone 

              could 

              ask 

              for 

              donations, 

              you 

              just 

              have 

              to 

              "call 

              upon 

              your 

              inner 

              nun. 

              No 

              one 

              can 

              refuse 

              a 

              nun!"</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Liz 

              stated 

              that 

              she 

              would 

              do 

              an 

              inventory 

              of 

              picnic 

              supplies 

              on 

              hand. 

              Also, 

              anyone 

              knowing 

              of 

              a 

              band 

              which 

              would 

              play 

              for 

              the 

              "exposure" 

              and 

              a 

              lesser 

              fee, 

              should 

              let 

              Liz 

              know. 

              She 

              also 

              said 

              that 

              she 

              would 

              contact 

              the 

              band 

              at 

              NSCC. 

              Perhaps 

              they 

              would 

              play 

              for 

              less 

              than 

              what 

              we 

              have 

              had 

              to 

              pay 

              bands 

              in 

              the 

              past.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Liz 

              said 

              that 

              Edie 

              Whitsett 

              had 

              purchased 

              the 

              materials 

              needed 

              to 

              make 

              the 

              flags 

              approved 

              by 

              the 

              Board 

              earlier 

              and 

              would 

              begin 

              working 

              on 

              the 

              flags 

              in 

              May. 

              Edie 

              has 

              not 

              drawn 

              upon 

              any 

              of 

              the 

              funds 

              approved 

              for 

              the 

              flags.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>The 

              Treasurer's 

              Report 

              was 

              approved.</font><br>

            </p>

            <p class=MsoHeader align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><b><u>OLD 

              BUSINESS:</u></b></font></p>

            <p class=MsoNormal align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>Northgate: 

              Jan 

              Brucker 

              reviewed 

              what 

              had 

              been 

              happening 

              with 

              Northgate. 

              She 

              said 

              that 

              in 

              the 

              original 

              Northgate 

              plan, 

              attention 

              was 

              focused 

              on 

              Wallingford 

              because 

              of 

              the 

              traffic 

              flow 

              through 

              Licton 

              Springs 

              of 

              cars 

              on 

              their 

              way 

              to 

              Northgate. 

              She 

              said 

              that 

              Wallingford 

              was 

              supposed 

              to 

              have 

              gotten 

              boulevard 

              treatment. 

              This 

              has 

              never 

              happened 

              and 

              that 

              this 

              should 

              be 

              addressed.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Jan 

              provided 

              a 

              revised 

              letter 

              to 

              the 

              Seattle 

              City 

              Council 

              regarding 

              concerns 

              about 

              Northgate. 

              She 

              said 

              that 

              the 

              Council 

              members 

              were 

              the 

              ones 

              we 

              should 

              give 

              our 

              input 

              to, 

              not 

              the 

              Mayor. 

              She 

              said 

              that 

              she 

              was 

              concerned 

              because 

              the 

              hearing 

              on 

              Northgate 

              was 

              to 

              be 

              conducted 

              under 

              quasi-judicial 

              rules. 

              This 

              means 

              that 

              constituents 

              are 

              not 

              heard 

              from 

              and 

              public 

              input 

              is 

              not 

              allowed. 

              Jan 

              is 

              going 

              to 

              send 

              a 

              protest 

              to 

              the 

              City 

              Attorney. 

              Jan 

              said 

              that 

              she 

              had 

              learned 

              of 

              earlier 

              correspondence 

              between 

              Simon 

              and 

              the 

              Mayor 

              and 

              she 

              hoped 

              to 

              obtain 

              a 

              copy 

              of 

              it.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Northgate 

              issues 

              and 

              the 

              Mayor's 

              plans 

              for 

              Northgate 

              were 

              discussed. 

              The 

              Northgate 

              GDP 

              is 

              unique 

              and 

              was 

              created 

              with 

              many 

              interested 

              parties 

              making 

              credible 

              compromises 

              to 

              reach 

              the 

              final 

              document. 

              It 

              was 

              questioned 

              why 

              Simon 

              should 

              be 

              released 

              from 

              the 

              requirements 

              of 

              the 

              GDP 

              when 

              Simon 

              could 

              do 

              all 

              the 

              development 

              currently 

              planned 

              under 

              the 

              GDP. 

              It 

              was 

              questioned 

              why 

              Simon 

              should 

              not 

              have 

              to 

              pay 

              mitigation 

              when 

              others 

              are. 

              Wally 

              said 

              that 

              when 

              building 

              took 

              place 

              at 

              NSCC 

              the 

              college 

              was 

              required 

              to 

              use 

              20 

              percent 

              of 

              their 

              budget 

              to 

              bring 

              everything 

              up 

              to 

              code. 

              The 

              ramifications 

              of 

              the 

              giveaway 

              of 

              public 

              funding 

              for 

              a 

              private 

              developer 

              were 

              discussed.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>The 

              revised 

              Northgate 

              Neighborhood 

              Coalition 

              Response 

              to 

              Mayor 

              Nickel's 

              Northgate 

              Proposal 

              was 

              discussed. 

              It 

              was 

              moved 

              and 

              passed 

              that 

              Liz 

              be 

              authorized 

              to 

              sign 

              the 

              Response 

              on 

              behalf 

              of 

              Licton 

              Springs 

              Community 

              Council.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Pilling's 

              Pond: 

              Wanda 

              Fullner 

              reported 

              on 

              Pilling's 

              Pond. 

              The 

              Buy-Sell 

              Agreement 

              has 

              expired. 

              The 

              Pilling's 

              Pond 

              Preservation 

              Committee 

              could 

              not 

              get 

              the 

              right 

              ownership 

              group 

              in 

              place. 

              The 

              family 

              has 

              concerns 

              because 

              of 

              June's 

              condition. 

              Jim 

              and 

              Yvonne 

              do 

              feel 

              strongly 

              about 

              preservation. 

              The 

              Committee 

              is 

              interested 

              in 

              a 

              conservation 

              easement 

              to 

              protect 

              the 

              flow 

              of 

              water 

              forever. 

              The 

              Committee 

              has 

              a 

              pro 

              bono 

              attorney 

              and 

              also 

              the 

              help 

              of 

              Carol 

              Eychaner.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Jan 

              mentioned 

              that 

              a 

              view 

              easement 

              should 

              be 

              included 

              along 

              with 

              the 

              water 

              easement.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Wanda 

              said 

              that 

              there 

              was 

              a 

              sister 

              to 

              Yvonne/daughter 

              to 

              Jim 

              who 

              wants 

              to 

              live 

              in 

              the 

              home 

              and 

              is 

              interested 

              in 

              learning 

              to 

              breed 

              birds.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Roger 

              Turner 

              had 

              valued 

              the 

              two 

              lots 

              at 

              $175,000.00/each. 

              Ted 

              Pickett 

              thought 

              that 

              was 

              perhaps 

              a 

              low 

              value. 

              It 

              was 

              stressed 

              that 

              we 

              very 

              much 

              want 

              and 

              need 

              to 

              keep 

              Pilling's 

              Pond 

              in 

              the 

              community 

              for 

              the 

              birds 

              and/or 

              as 

              a 

              serenity 

              pocket/open 

              space.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Downstream 

              property 

              owner's 

              rights 

              were 

              discussed. 

              This 

              is 

              a 

              gray 

              area 

              and 

              the 

              rights 

              of 

              those 

              property 

              owners 

              are 

              secondary.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>North 

              Seattle 

              Community 

              College: 

              Wally 

              said 

              that 

              it 

              seemed 

              unreasonable 

              to 

              require 

              a 

              three-month 

              process 

              from 

              the 

              Department 

              of 

              Neighborhoods 

              for 

              a 

              one 

              year 

              lease 

              with 

              the 

              School 

              District. 

              He 

              said 

              that 

              since 

              the 

              Community 

              Council 

              has 

              been 

              aware 

              of 

              the 

              college's 

              desire 

              to 

              lease 

              space 

              at 

              the 

              Wilson-Pacific 

              School 

              since 

              last 

              April 

              and 

              are 

              in 

              favor 

              of 

              the 

              transaction, 

              he 

              wished 

              to 

              approach 

              the 

              Department 

              saying 

              that 

              the 

              neighborhood 

              has 

              been 

              informed. 

              In 

              addition 

              to 

              signage 

              around 

              the 

              school, 

              he 

              said 

              that 

              the 

              community 

              could 

              be 

              asked 

              for 

              a 

              letter 

              of 

              support.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>May 

              Meeting: 

              Bert 

              said 

              that 

              we 

              would 

              have 

              design 

              review 

              on 

              the 

              agenda 

              for 

              our 

              May 

              meeting. 

              He 

              said 

              that 

              he 

              had 

              recently 

              talked 

              for 

              an 

              hour 

              with 

              Mike 

              Kimelberg, 

              who 

              is 

              staff 

              lead 

              on 

              Neighborhood 

              Plans. 

              Mr. 

              Kimelberg 

              and 

              Vince 

              Lyons 

              will 

              be 

              willing 

              to 

              come 

              and 

              speak 

              to 

              us 

              May 

              21st 

              beginning 

              at 

              7:30 

              p.m. 

              We 

              can 

              get 

              all 

              our 

              questions 

              on 

              design 

              review 

              answered!</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>A 

              discussion 

              was 

              had 

              regarding 

              common 

              interests 

              with 

              the 

              Haller 

              Lake 

              community. 

              We 

              have 

              not 

              been 

              contacted 

              by 

              them, 

              but 

              perhaps 

              something 

              will 

              get 

              firmed 

              up 

              and 

              we 

              could, 

              if 

              that's 

              the 

              case, 

              hold 

              a 

              joint 

              meeting 

              in 

              June.</font><br>

            </p>

            <p class=MsoHeader align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><b><u>NEW 

              BUSINESS:</u></b></font></p>

            <p class=MsoNormal align=left><font 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>Deirdre 

              Grace 

              - 

              Department 

              of 

              Neighborhoods: 

              Deirdre 

              Grace 

              said 

              that 

              she 

              had 

              come 

              to 

              our 

              meeting 

              to 

              introduce 

              herself, 

              saying 

              she 

              regretted 

              not 

              having 

              a 

              great 

              deal 

              of 

              time 

              for 

              our 

              meeting 

              because 

              of 

              needing 

              to 

              be 

              at 

              a 

              Costco 

              meeting 

              in 

              the 

              Haller 

              Lake 

              community. 

              She 

              did 

              want 

              to 

              give 

              us 

              an 

              opportunity 

              to 

              tell 

              her 

              our 

              priorities.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>She 

              said 

              that 

              she 

              had 

              joined 

              the 

              Department 

              of 

              Neighborhoods 

              in 

              1999, 

              the 

              time 

              when 

              the 

              neighborhood 

              plans 

              were 

              going 

              to 

              the 

              Seattle 

              City 

              Council. 

              Before 

              coming 

              to 

              the 

              Department 

              of 

              Neighborhoods, 

              she 

              had 

              worked 

              at 

              the 

              University 

              of 

              Washington 

              as 

              the 

              Communications 

              Director 

              in 

              connection 

              with 

              a 

              grant 

              for 

              a 

              group 

              doing 

              research 

              at 

              Hanford.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Deirdre 

              said 

              that 

              the 

              last 

              year 

              at 

              the 

              City 

              has 

              been 

              tumultuous, 

              with 

              budget 

              challenges 

              and 

              fighting 

              for 

              the 

              implementation 

              of 

              the 

              neighborhood 

              plans. 

              She 

              said 

              that 

              there 

              were 

              now 

              three 

              managers 

              working 

              with 

              38 

              neighborhoods. 

              Because 

              of 

              being 

              so 

              severely 

              stretched, 

              the 

              Neighborhood 

              Service 

              Coordinators 

              are 

              carrying 

              a 

              bigger 

              load. 

              Because 

              of 

              that 

              fact, 

              the 

              Neighborhood 

              Service 

              Coordinators 

              are 

              also 

              now 

              getting 

              administrative 

              staff 

              support. 

              (Our 

              Neighborhood 

              Service 

              Coordinator 

              is 

              Beth 

              Pflug.)</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Deirdre 

              said 

              her 

              greatest 

              overall 

              responsibility 

              was 

              making 

              sure 

              to 

              minimize 

              missed 

              opportunities 

              and 

              to 

              take 

              guidance 

              from 

              neighborhoods, 

              and 

              help 

              neighborhood 

              leaders 

              make 

              connections 

              within 

              the 

              City 

              government. 

              Funding 

              is 

              now 

              a 

              crucial 

              element. 

              Earlier 

              in 

              the 

              implementation 

              of 

              the 

              neighborhood 

              plans, 

              money 

              was 

              available. 

              Now, 

              the 

              challenge 

              is 

              to 

              find 

              any 

              money 

              for 

              really 

              deserving 

              projects.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Concerns: 

              Liz 

              stated 

              that 

              she 

              had 

              met 

              with 

              Shauna 

              Walgren 

              regarding 

              100th. 

              There 

              is 

              money 

              for 

              the 

              sidewalk 

              project, 

              but 

              no 

              project 

              manager 

              as 

              yet. 

              Shauna 

              told 

              Liz 

              that 

              the 

              sidewalks 

              would 

              extend 

              from 

              City 

              Light 

              to 

              the 

              east. 

              Liz 

              said 

              she 

              thought 

              it 

              made 

              more 

              sense 

              to 

              use 

              the 

              money 

              to 

              solve 

              problems 

              on 

              100th 

              beyond 

              the 

              area 

              emphasized 

              by 

              Shauna. 

              Deirdre 

              said 

              that 

              perhaps 

              it 

              was 

              more 

              complicated. 

              It 

              could 

              be 

              that 

              the 

              pot 

              of 

              money 

              could 

              only 

              be 

              used 

              for 

              sidewalks 

              and, 

              thus, 

              that 

              requirement 

              only 

              allowed 

              the 

              project 

              to 

              encompass 

              what 

              Shauna 

              had 

              described.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>JJ 

              mentioned 

              the 

              Wilson-Pacific 

              Playfield, 

              saying 

              that 

              better 

              signage 

              needed 

              to 

              be 

              put 

              up 

              regarding 

              why 

              the 

              field 

              was 

              closed. 

              It 

              was 

              also 

              mentioned 

              that 

              the 

              field 

              was 

              not 

              draining 

              well 

              and 

              this 

              was 

              a 

              problem.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2>JJ 

              also 

              brought 

              up 

              Licton 

              Springs 

              Park. 

              She 

              said 

              that 

              the 

              pond 

              area 

              at 

              the 

              south 

              end 

              was 

              being 

              taken 

              over 

              by 

              canes. 

              If 

              no 

              attention 

              was 

              paid 

              to 

              this 

              area, 

              it 

              would 

              be 

              lost.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Liz 

              mentioned 

              that 

              there 

              was 

              a 

              problem 

              at 

              the 

              Park 

              of 

              toxic 

              runoff. 

              Berms 

              are 

              being 

              put 

              in 

              place 

              to 

              try 

              to 

              keep 

              the 

              runoff 

              from 

              entering 

              the 

              pond. 

              It 

              was 

              discovered 

              that 

              the 

              oil/water 

              separators 

              and 

              cleanout 

              valves 

              had 

              been 

              neglected 

              for 

              some 

              years. 

              They 

              were 

              finally 

              cleaned 

              out 

              last 

              July.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Wally 

              Fosmore 

              mentioned 

              that 

              NSCC 

              was 

              in 

              negotiations 

              with 

              the 

              School 

              District 

              to 

              lease 

              a 

              portion 

              of 

              Wilson-Pacific 

              and 

              have 

              just 

              been 

              informed 

              of 

              additional 

              requirements 

              because 

              of 

              the 

              Department 

              of 

              Neighborhoods 

              School 

              Use 

              Advisory 

              Committee. 

              Deirdre 

              said 

              that 

              she 

              could 

              offer 

              assistance 

              and 

              that 

              there 

              were 

              Department 

              of 

              Neighborhood 

              staff 

              people 

              who 

              could 

              do 

              the 

              work.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Requested 

              Quote 

              for 

              Cynthia 

              Sullivan: 

              Liz 

              said 

              that 

              she 

              had 

              been 

              contacted 

              by 

              Andrew 

              Schmid 

              about 

              giving 

              a 

              statement 

              in 

              support 

              of 

              Cynthia 

              Sullivan. 

              Discussion 

              followed. 

              It 

              was 

              decided 

              that 

              Liz 

              could 

              speak 

              as 

              a 

              community 

              member 

              and 

              say 

              that 

              "We 

              in 

              Licton 

              Springs 

              are 

              appreciative 

              of 

              the 

              support 

              for 

              parks 

              and 

              the 

              newsletter 

              funding 

              we 

              have 

              received 

              from 

              Cynthia 

              Sullivan's 

              office. 

              We 

              also 

              benefit 

              from 

              the 

              work 

              of 

              Earth 

              Corps, 

              a 

              group 

              that 

              Ms. 

              Sullivan 

              established. 

              Ms. 

              Sullivan's 

              actions 

              show 

              that 

              she 

              cares 

              about 

              our 

              community."</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Licton 

              Springs 

              Park: 

              Liz 

              said 

              that 

              Pro 

              Parks 

              and 

              the 

              Parks 

              Department 

              want 

              to 

              replace 

              the 

              Iron 

              Springs 

              bridge 

              at 

              the 

              north-end 

              of 

              the 

              pond. 

              Liz 

              recommends 

              requesting 

              that 

              the 

              middle 

              bridge 

              be 

              replaced 

              instead. 

              Discussion 

              followed. 

              A 

              motion 

              supporting 

              Liz's 

              recommendation 

              was 

              made, 

              seconded 

              and 

              passed.</font><br>

            </p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>There 

              is 

              no 

              Board 

              meeting 

              in 

              July.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>The 

              meeting 

              was 

              adjourned 

              at 

              9:10 

              p.m.</font></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>Respectfully 

              submitted,</font></p>

            <p align=left></p>

            <p align=left><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><br>

              Ellen 

              M. 

              Beck, 

              Secretary</font><br>

            </p>

          </div>

          <p><font size=2><strong><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      color=#339999><a 

      href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/index.html"><b>Welcome</b></a><b> 

            | 

            <a 

      href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/localin/localopen.html">Local 

            Interest</a> 

            | 

            <a 

      href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/action/action.html">Neighborhood 

            in 

            Action</a><br>

            <a href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/Desktop/council.html">Community 

            Council</a> 

            | 

            <a href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/Desktop/currents.html">Currents 

            Newsletter</a> 

            | 

            <a 

      href="file:///C:/WINDOWS/action/links.html">Links</a></b></font></strong></font> 

          </p>

        </div>

        </div>

      </tr>



</table>



</body>



</html>







