<html>



<head>



<title>Licton Springs Neighborhood</title>



<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">



<script language="JavaScript">



<!--



function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0



 var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;



}







function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0



 var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();



  var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)



  if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}



}







function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v3.0



 var p,i,x; if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {



  d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}



 if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];



 for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document); return x;



}







function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0



 var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)



  if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}



}



//-->



</script>







</head>







<body bgcolor="#FFFFCC" onLoad="MM_preloadImages('/images/native-on.gif','../images/park-on.gif','../images/history-on.gif','../images/kiosks-on.gif')" text="#003300" link="#003300" vlink="#cc6600" alink="#00ffff">



<table width="600" border="0" height="104" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">



 <tr bgcolor="#669999" align="center" border="0"> 



  <td height="72" align="center" border="0"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/licslogo.gif" width="600" height="72"></td>



 </tr>



 <tr bgcolor="999966"> 



  <td height="26" align="center"><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/topnavcouncil.gif" width="599" height="23" usemap="#ccheader" border="0"><map name="ccheader"><area shape="rect" coords="18,4,78,20" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/index.html" alt="Welcome" title="Welcome"><area shape="rect" coords="101,3,193,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/localin/localopen.html" alt="Local Interest" title="Local Interest"><area shape="rect" coords="220,4,373,19" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/action.html" alt="Neighborhood in Action" title="Neighborhood in Action"><area shape="rect" coords="398,4,516,22" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/council.html" alt="Community Council" title="Community Council"><area shape="rect" coords="536,3,593,21" href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/currents.html" alt="Currents" title="Currents"></map></td>



 </tr>



</table>



<table width="601" border="0" height="303" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">



 <tr bgcolor="99CC99" align="center"> 



  <td width="146" align="center" valign="top" bgcolor="99CC99" >

<p>&nbsp;</p>

      <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><a href="aug03.html">August 

        2003 

        </a></b></font></p>

      <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><a href="jun03.html">June 

        2003 

        </a></b></font></p>

      <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/may03.html">May 

        2003</a></b></font></p>

      <p>&nbsp;</p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

        </font></p>

      <p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><br>

        <br>

        </font></p>

      <p><Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><br>

        </font></p>

      <Font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">



   <p><img src="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/images/cattail2.jpg" width="144" height="216"> </p>



   </font></td>



  <td width="18" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" > 



   <p><br>



   </p>



   <p>&nbsp;</p>



    <td width="437" align="left" valign="top" bgcolor="FFFFCC" > 

      <div align="center"><br>

        <font face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

        </font>

        <div align="center"><font face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b>LICTON 

          SPRINGS 

          COMMUNITY 

          COUNCIL</b></font> 

        </div>

        <p align=center style='text-align:center'><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 

          <b>Minutes 

          of 

          Board 

          Meeting: 

          <br>

          August 

          20, 

          2003<br>

          NSCC 

          President's 

          Board 

          Room</b></font></p>

        <p align=left style='text-align:left'><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Directors 

          Present</u>:  

          Liz 

          Kearns, 

          Debra 

          Willendorf, 

          JJ 

          Avinger-Jacques, 

          and 

          Ellen 

          Beck.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Board 

          Representatives 

          Present</u>:  

          Ken 

          Thompson 

          (North 

          Precinct 

          Representative) 

          and 

          Wally 

          Fosmore 

          (North 

          Seattle 

          Community 

          College 

          Representative).</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Visitors</u>:  

          Jean 

          Wirch, 

          Phil 

          Mann, 

          and 

          Roger 

          Hagarty.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">President 

          Liz 

          Kearns 

          called 

          the 

          meeting 

          to 

          order 

          at 

          7:05 

          p.m., 

          welcoming 

          everyone. 

          We 

          went 

          around 

          the 

          table 

          and 

          introduced 

          ourselves.</font><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><br>

          </font> 

        </p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><b><u>Minutes</u>: 

          </b> We 

          did 

          not 

          have 

          a 

          quorum, 

          so 

          minutes 

          from 

          the 

          June 

          18, 

          2003 

          meeting 

          could 

          not 

          be 

          approved.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><b><u>Treasurer’s 

          Report</u>:  

          </b></font></p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">Treasurer 

          Debra 

          Willendorf 

          provided 

          a 

          Treasurer's 

          Report 

          through 

          August 

          18, 

          2003. 

          She 

          said 

          that 

          the 

          report 

          did 

          not 

          reflect 

          a 

          check 

          for 

          $71.80 

          written 

          in 

          connection 

          with 

          the 

          Newsletter 

          and 

          that 

          we 

          had 

          used 

          1,600 

          copies 

          in 

          producing 

          the 

          same. 

          Our 

          available 

          bank 

          balance 

          is 

          therefore 

          $2,038.20 

          and 

          the 

          prepaid 

          copies 

          total 

          is 

          10,400.</font><br>

        </p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><b><u>NEW 

          BUSINESS:</u></b></font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Your 

          Neighborhood 

          in 

          Action</u>: 

          Liz 

          gave 

          everyone 

          a 

          copy 

          of 

          a 

          memorandum 

          from 

          the 

          Department 

          of 

          Neighborhoods 

          regarding 

          the 

          Aurora-Licton 

          Neighborhood 

          Plan 

          and 

          projects 

          completed 

          or 

          underway 

          in 

          our 

          neighborhood. 

          Liz 

          asked 

          that 

          we 

          all 

          review 

          the 

          memorandum 

          and 

          notify 

          Deirdre 

          Grace 

          of 

          any 

          errors 

          or 

          additions. 

          Deirdre 

          Grace's 

          telephone 

          number 

          is 

          684-8896 

          and 

          her 

          e-mail 

          Deirdre.grace@seattle.gov.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>History 

          House</u>: 

          Liz 

          reported 

          that 

          History 

          House, 

          which 

          is 

          located 

          in 

          the 

          Fremont 

          neighborhood, 

          had 

          announced 

          that 

          their 

          focus 

          this 

          fall/winter 

          will 

          be 

          on 

          the 

          neighborhoods 

          in 

          North 

          Seattle. 

          Licton 

          Springs 

          has 

          been 

          asked 

          to 

          provide 

          a 

          display 

          by 

          October 

          15th, 

          if 

          we 

          wish 

          to 

          participate. 

          The 

          display 

          would 

          be 

          exhibited 

          from 

          November 

          to 

          January 

          and 

          then 

          our 

          displayed 

          items 

          would 

          be 

          returned 

          to 

          us. 

          The 

          person 

          to 

          contact 

          at 

          History 

          House 

          is 

          Ron 

          Richardson. 

          His 

          telephone 

          number 

          is 

          935-8981 

          and 

          his 

          e-mail 

          address 

          is 

          <a href="mailto:rasr@attbi.com">rasr@attbi.com</a>. 

          Discussion 

          followed.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Traffic 

          Concerns 

          - 

          Stone 

          Avenue</u>: 

          Phil 

          Mann, 

          who 

          has 

          lived 

          in 

          the 

          neighborhood 

          for 

          a 

          year, 

          spoke 

          about 

          high 

          speed 

          and 

          volume 

          of 

          traffic 

          on 

          Stone. 

          He 

          said 

          that 

          he 

          lives 

          at 

          88th 

          and 

          Stone 

          and 

          that 

          the 

          street 

          is 

          signed 

          for 

          &quot;Local 

          Access 

          Only,&quot; 

          but 

          that 

          it 

          has 

          become 

          a 

          cut-through 

          street 

          for 

          everything 

          from 

          cars 

          to 

          big 

          trucks. 

          He 

          is 

          concerned 

          about 

          children 

          and 

          pets 

          and 

          wondered 

          if 

          there 

          wasn't 

          some 

          way 

          to 

          slow 

          the 

          traffic 

          down 

          (which 

          would 

          also 

          help 

          reduce 

          it 

          probably). 

          Mr. 

          Mann 

          was 

          told 

          that 

          the 

          first 

          step 

          would 

          be 

          to 

          contact 

          all 

          his 

          neighbors 

          and 

          find 

          out 

          if 

          they 

          had 

          the 

          same 

          concerns 

          as 

          those 

          he 

          raised. 

          Discussion 

          followed 

          regarding 

          the 

          procedures 

          to 

          go 

          through 

          with 

          the 

          City. 

          Debra 

          offered 

          to 

          get 

          information 

          from 

          a 

          friend 

          presently 

          working 

          on 

          a 

          similar 

          project 

          in 

          Lake 

          City. 

          Debra 

          also 

          said 

          that 

          if 

          a 

          small 

          and 

          simple 

          grant 

          was 

          needed, 

          that 

          the 

          Board 

          had 

          a 

          lot 

          of 

          experience 

          with 

          those 

          and 

          could 

          help 

          him.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz 

          said 

          that 

          a 

          gentleman 

          from 

          100th 

          and 

          Wallingford 

          had 

          given 

          her 

          a 

          copy 

          of 

          a 

          letter 

          he 

          had 

          written 

          to 

          Mayor 

          Nickels 

          regarding 

          traffic 

          on 

          100th, 

          the 

          lack 

          of 

          sidewalks 

          there, 

          and 

          the 

          fact 

          that 

          the 

          road 

          was 

          too 

          narrow 

          for 

          the 

          traffic 

          load 

          it 

          carried.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Walking 

          Sidewalk 

          Debate: 

          Liz 

          announced 

          Fleet 

          First's 

          Walking 

          Sidewalk 

          Debate 

          II. 

          She 

          had 

          sent 

          information 

          to 

          Board 

          members 

          by 

          e-mail. 

          It 

          will 

          be 

          held 

          August 

          28th 

          from 

          6:00 

          p.m. 

          to 

          7:30 

          p.m., 

          and 

          consist 

          of 

          walking 

          from 

          the 

          southwest 

          corner 

          of 

          33rd 

          Avenue 

          Northeast 

          and 

          Northeast 

          130th 

          to 

          the 

          Farmer's 

          Market.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>City 

          Budget</u>: 

          Liz 

          asked 

          if 

          everyone 

          had 

          reviewed 

          the 

          budget 

          information 

          she 

          sent 

          us 

          via 

          e-mail. 

          Everyone 

          had 

          and 

          a 

          discussion 

          followed 

          regarding 

          the 

          need 

          to 

          be 

          fiscally 

          responsible. 

          Both 

          the 

          City 

          and 

          the 

          County 

          project 

          having 

          less 

          money 

          available 

          to 

          neighborhoods 

          next 

          year. 

          Liz 

          said 

          that 

          next 

          year 

          we 

          would 

          need 

          to 

          cut 

          down 

          our 

          costs 

          on 

          the 

          picnic. 

          We 

          paid 

          the 

          most 

          money 

          for 

          the 

          band 

          ($400.00) 

          and 

          the 

          Bubbleman 

          ($150.00). 

          More 

          discussion 

          regarding 

          the 

          need 

          for 

          both 

          live 

          music 

          and 

          alternatives 

          to 

          the 

          entertainment 

          provided 

          by 

          the 

          Bubbleman. 

          Liz 

          wondered 

          about 

          the 

          artists 

          who 

          have 

          entertained 

          at 

          the 

          summer 

          concerts 

          at 

          Sandel 

          Park. 

          She 

          said 

          that 

          Bert 

          Bradley 

          would 

          be 

          providing 

          information 

          about 

          these 

          folks. 

          Liz 

          also 

          questioned 

          whether 

          we 

          would 

          be 

          hosting 

          Halloween 

          in 

          the 

          Park.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Licton 

          Springs 

          Park 

          - 

          Comfort 

          Station</u>: 

          Liz 

          announced 

          that 

          Virginia 

          Hassinger 

          is 

          the 

          new 

          project 

          manager 

          for 

          the 

          Licton 

          Springs 

          comfort 

          station. 

          The 

          work 

          is 

          scheduled 

          to 

          begin 

          this 

          fall.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Licton 

          Springs 

          - 

          Bridges</u>: 

          The 

          large, 

          long 

          bridge 

          in 

          the 

          north 

          end 

          of 

          the 

          Park 

          is 

          being 

          replaced 

          with 

          Pro 

          Parks 

          funding. 

          The 

          small 

          bridge 

          which 

          is 

          close 

          to 

          the 

          water 

          (sometimes 

          under 

          water) 

          is 

          being 

          replaced 

          with 

          discretionary 

          funds 

          of 

          the 

          Parks 

          Department.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>North 

          Seattle 

          Community 

          College</u>: 

          Wally 

          Fosmore 

          said 

          that 

          the 

          Day 

          of 

          Caring 

          would 

          be 

          September 

          26th 

          this 

          year 

          for 

          the 

          College. 

          He 

          did 

          not 

          know 

          which 

          company's 

          employees 

          would 

          be 

          volunteering 

          at 

          the 

          College. 

          Liz 

          asked 

          whether 

          there 

          would 

          be 

          work 

          on 

          the 

          median 

          again 

          this 

          year. 

          Wally 

          said 

          that 

          he 

          was 

          not 

          sure. 

          Michael 

          Brokaw 

          is 

          organizing 

          trail 

          improvement 

          work 

          projects. 

          The 

          volunteers 

          would 

          possibly 

          be 

          helping 

          with 

          that.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Wally 

          announced 

          that 

          the 

          modular 

          building 

          would 

          be 

          delivered 

          on 

          Monday. 

          He 

          said 

          it 

          was 

          possible 

          that 

          temporary 

          basketball 

          hoops 

          could 

          be 

          installed 

          on 

          the 

          tennis 

          courts. 

          The 

          third 

          floor 

          remodel 

          was 

          under 

          construction, 

          as 

          were 

          the 

          changes 

          to 

          the 

          child 

          care 

          area. 

          </font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Wally 

          told 

          us 

          that 

          the 

          modular 

          building 

          was 

          being 

          purchased, 

          not 

          leased, 

          because 

          of 

          the 

          retrofitting 

          needed 

          for 

          mechanical 

          and 

          ventilation 

          to 

          the 

          modular 

          building 

          so 

          that 

          it 

          can 

          serve 

          as 

          a 

          science 

          building 

          and 

          the 

          high 

          rehabilitation 

          costs 

          if 

          it 

          was 

          leased. 

          The 

          College 

          will 

          buy 

          the 

          modular 

          building, 

          retrofit 

          it, 

          and 

          when 

          they 

          no 

          longer 

          need 

          it, 

          sell 

          it 

          to 

          another 

          community 

          college 

          as 

          a 

          science 

          unit.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Also, 

          the 

          clean-out 

          vault 

          for 

          drainage 

          purposes 

          to 

          be 

          installed 

          near 

          the 

          Meridian 

          roadbed 

          on 

          the 

          College 

          will 

          be 

          completed 

          by 

          the 

          end 

          of 

          September.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Citywide 

          Review 

          Team 

          Board</u>: 

          JJ 

          Avinger-Jacques 

          reported 

          on 

          her 

          service 

          on 

          the 

          CRT 

          Board.<br>

          </font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><b><u>OLD 

          BUSINESS:</u></b></font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Picnic</u>: 

          Liz 

          said 

          that 

          she 

          hoped 

          everyone 

          would 

          be 

          coming 

          to 

          our 

          annual 

          picnic, 

          which 

          is 

          set 

          for 

          September 

          13, 

          2003, 

          and 

          that 

          they 

          would 

          bring 

          other 

          neighbors 

          with 

          them, 

          and 

          be 

          able 

          to 

          help 

          out. 

          </font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Liz 

          reported 

          that 

          Edie 

          Whitsett 

          had 

          indicated 

          that 

          the 

          new 

          flags 

          will 

          be 

          ready 

          for 

          the 

          picnic.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Licton 

          Springs 

          Park 

          - 

          Grants</u>: 

          Liz 

          reported 

          that 

          we 

          had 

          not 

          been 

          awarded 

          the 

          Starbucks 

          grant. 

          Also, 

          the 

          King 

          County 

          grant 

          will 

          end 

          the 

          end 

          of 

          November. 

          Work 

          in 

          the 

          Park 

          will 

          continue 

          thereafter 

          on 

          a 

          volunteer 

          basis.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Candidates 

          Forum: 

          Liz 

          reported 

          that 

          the 

          candidate 

          forum 

          announced 

          in 

          our 

          Newsletter 

          for 

          September 

          10th 

          in 

          Greenwood 

          has 

          been 

          put 

          on 

          hold/cancelled. 

          If 

          we 

          knew 

          of 

          anyone 

          planning 

          to 

          attend 

          that 

          forum, 

          we 

          were 

          asked 

          to 

          pass 

          the 

          word 

          along 

          to 

          them. 

          It 

          had 

          not 

          been 

          possible 

          to 

          make 

          the 

          correction 

          before 

          the 

          Newsletters 

          were 

          mailed 

          off.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><u>Volunteers/Representatives</u>: 

          Liz 

          announced 

          that 

          we 

          are 

          still 

          looking 

          for 

          volunteers 

          to 

          attend 

          the 

          Seattle 

          Community 

          Council 

          Federation 

          meetings 

          and 

          the 

          City 

          Neighborhood 

          Council 

          meetings. 

          Anyone 

          volunteering 

          does 

          not 

          need 

          to 

          be 

          a 

          Board 

          member.</font><br>

        </p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">The 

          meeting 

          was 

          adjourned 

          at 

          8:40 

          p.m.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2">Respectfully 

          submitted,</font></p>

        <p align="left"></p>

        <p align="left"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"><br>

          Ellen 

          M. 

          Beck, 

          Secretary</font><br>

        </p>

        <p class=MsoNormal align="left"><br>

        </p>

        </div>

      <p><font size="2"><strong><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" color="339999"><a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/index.html"><b>Welcome</b></a><b> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/localin/localopen.html">Local 

        Interest</a> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/action.html">Neighborhood 

        in 

        Action</a><br>

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/council.html">Community 

        Council</a> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/currents.html">Currents 

        Newsletter</a> 

        | 

        <a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/action/links.html">Links</a></b></font></strong></font> 

      </p>

      <p align="center">&nbsp; 

      <p align="center">&nbsp; 

      </p>

      <font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="-4" color="#003300"> 

      </font> 

  </tr>



</table>



</body>



</html>







