<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">

<!-- saved from url=(0048)http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/minutes.htm -->

<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>Licton Springs Neighborhood</TITLE>

<META http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">

<SCRIPT language=JavaScript>



<!--



function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0



 var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;



}







function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0



 var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();



  var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)



  if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}



}







function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v3.0



 var p,i,x; if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {



  d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}



 if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];



 for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document); return x;



}







function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0



 var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)



  if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}



}



//-->



</SCRIPT>



<META content="MSHTML 5.50.4937.800" name=GENERATOR>

</HEAD>

<BODY text=#003300 vLink=#cc6600 aLink=#00ffff link=#003300 bgColor=#ffffcc 

onload="MM_preloadImages('/images/native-on.gif','../images/park-on.gif','../images/history-on.gif','../images/kiosks-on.gif')">

<TABLE height=104 cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=0 width=600 border=0>

  <TBODY>

  <TR align=middle bgColor=#669999 border="0">

    <TD align=middle height=72 border="0"><IMG 

      src="../../images/licslogo.gif" alt="Licton Springs" width=600 height=72></TD>

  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#999966>

    <TD align=middle height=26><IMG height=23 

      src="../../images/topnavcouncil.gif" width=599 useMap=#ccheader 

      border=0>

      <MAP name=ccheader><AREA title=Welcome shape=RECT alt=Welcome 

        coords=18,4,78,20 href="../../index.html"><AREA 

        title="Local Interest" shape=RECT alt="Local Interest" 

        coords=101,3,193,19 

        href="../../localin/localopen.html"><AREA 

        title="Neighborhood in Action" shape=RECT alt="Neighborhood in Action" 

        coords=220,4,373,19 

        href="../../action/action.html"><AREA 

        title="Community Council" shape=RECT alt="Community Council" 

        coords=398,4,516,22 

        href="../council.html"><AREA 

        title=Currents shape=RECT alt=Currents coords=536,3,593,21 

        href="../currents.html"></MAP></TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE>

<TABLE height=2066 cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=0 width=601 border=0>

  <TBODY>

  <TR align=middle bgColor=#99cc99>

      <TD width=150 height=2066 align=middle vAlign=top nowrap bgColor=#99cc99> 

        <P>&nbsp;</P>

        <P><a href="sep05.htm"><b><font size="2">September 2005 </font></b></a></P>

        <P><b><font size="2"><a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/jul05.htm">July 2005</a> </font></b></P>

        <P><font size="2"><a href="jun05.htm"><b>June 2005</b></a></font></P>

        <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><a href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/council_meeting_minutes/northprecinct.htm"><strong>North 

        Precinct Reports</strong></a></FONT></P>

        <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><B></B></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><A 

      href="http://www.lictonsprings.org/council/sep03.htm"></A></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><BR><BR></FONT></P>

      <P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><BR></FONT></P><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2>

      <P><IMG height=216 src="../../images/cattail2.jpg" width=144> 

    </P></FONT></TD>

    <TD vAlign=top align=left width=18 bgColor=#ffffcc>

      <P><BR></P>

      <P>&nbsp;</P>

    <TD vAlign=top align=left width=433 bgColor=#ffffcc>

      <DIV align=center><BR><FONT face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2></FONT>

      <DIV align=center>

      <DIV align=center>

      <DIV align=center><FONT face="Verdana, , Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><B><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">LICTON 

      SPRINGS COMMUNITY COUNCIL</FONT></B></FONT> </DIV>

              <P style="TEXT-ALIGN: center" align=center><FONT 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><B>Minutes of Board 

                Meeting:<br>

                October 19, 2005<BR>

                NSCC President's Board Room </B></FONT></P>

              <P style="TEXT-ALIGN: left" align=left><FONT 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><U><STRONG>Directors 

                Present</STRONG></U><STRONG>:</STRONG></FONT></P>

              <p align="left"> <font size="2">Liz Kearns, Jerry Owens, Debra Willendorf, and Ellen Beck.</font><FONT 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><st1:PersonName></st1:PersonName></FONT></p>

              <P style="TEXT-ALIGN: left" align=left><FONT 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><STRONG><U>Board Representatives 

                Present:</U></STRONG> <st1:PersonName> Ken Thompson (North Precinct Representative). </st1:PersonName><o:p></o:p><o:p></o:p></FONT></P>

              <P style="TEXT-ALIGN: left" align=left><FONT 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><U><STRONG>Visitors</STRONG></U><STRONG>:</STRONG>&nbsp;</FONT><font size="2">Jean Wirch, Melissa Coiley, Tom Meyer, Kay Mesirow, and Robin

              McCain.</font></P>

              <p align="left"><font size="2">President Liz Kearns called the

                  meeting to order at 7:00 p.m. Introductions were made around

                  the table. It was great to have &ldquo;new&rdquo; neighbors

                attending and they were welcomed.</font></p>

              <P align=left><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" 

      size=2><STRONG><U>Minutes:</U></STRONG><o:p> </o:p></FONT><font size="2">The July 20, 2005 minutes were approved.</font></P>

              <P align=left><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><B 

      style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><U>Treasurer’s Report</U>:<SPAN 

      style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </SPAN></B></FONT></P>

              <p align="left"><font size="2">Treasurer Debra Willendorf presented

                  a Treasurer&rsquo;s Report

                covering the period from January 1, 2005 through October 18,

                2005 and a LSCC 2005 Budget Discussion report. There was general

                discussion. Then Debra requested a vote on the amount of funds

                the Council felt could be devoted to Halloween in the Park.</font></p>

              <p align="left"><font size="2"><b>Discussion followed.</b> An explanation about the Halloween in the

                Park event at Licton Springs Park was given. It was explained

                that nearly all businesses are now requiring that entities that

                request donations have 501(c)(3) status. This is even the case

                with businesses that have been donating to our Halloween event

                for years. This year letters were written to Target and Fred

                Meyer for the first time. Both responded back with correspondence

                stating their requirements (which included 501(c)(3) status).</font></p>

              <p align="left"><font size="2">Liz reported that Larry&rsquo;s

                  will donate apple cider and candies totaling $300.00. Betsy

                Weill thinks that Safeway will give a donation.</font></p>

              <p align="left"><font size="2"><b>501(c)(3) status was discussed.</b>                It was explained that Pillings Pond Preservation Society has

                501(c)(3) status, as does the Seattle Community Council Federation,

                and also the Phinney Community Council. Liz explained that

                there is paperwork required for transactions by 501(c)(3) entities.

                Liz said she would do the paperwork required for using another

                entity&rsquo;s 501(c)(3) status for our Halloween

                event. Phinney would charge us (making that out of the question).

                We have no members who regularly attend Seattle Community Council

                Federation meetings or serve on their committees (making this

                option a last resort).</font></p>

              <p align="left"><font size="2">Kay Mesirow volunteered to &ldquo;put out feelers&rdquo; for

                someone to assist the LSCC in obtaining 501(c)(3) status. She

                said her husband had obtained 501(c)(3) status for his practice.

                This was very much appreciated.</font></p>

              <p align="left"><font size="2">Debra said that the Pillings Pond Preservation Society will

                co-sponsor Halloween in the Park this year, making their 501(c)(3)

                status available to us.</font></p>

              <p align="left"><font size="2">There is a donation basket at the Halloween event and we traditionally

                receive between $80.00 and $90.00. Discussion ended. It was moved

                and second and passed unanimously to make $125.00 available for

                expenses in connection with putting on Halloween in the Park.</font></p>

              <p align="left"><font size="2">Debra said that all donation letters in 2006 should enclose

                a Halloween flyer.</font></p>

              <p align="left" class=MsoNormal><FONT 

      face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><STRONG><U>OLD BUSINESS:</U></STRONG></FONT></p>

            </DIV>

          </DIV>

        </DIV>

        <p align="left"> <font size="2"><b>Licton Springs Fall Picnic.</b> Liz reported

            that she had been told that Larry&rsquo;s founder had given the business to his son. Managers are

          quitting. The manager from our Larry&rsquo;s has been transferred to

          be manager of the Queen Anne Larry&rsquo;s. Liz was told that in January

          the Larry&rsquo;s board will look at closing the Oak Tree and Pacific

          Highway Larry&rsquo;s stores. This could dramatically affect our ability

          to put on our annual fall picnic because for years Larry&rsquo;s has

          donated the hotdogs, buns, sauerkraut, soft drinks, bottled water,

          and sometimes chips for the picnic. They also have brought their portable

          grill and cooked the hotdogs. A new grocery store in the Oak Tree Larry&rsquo;s

          space might not support our picnic in the same manner as Larry&rsquo;s

          has.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2"> Ellen Beck suggested that if it turned

            out that we could not put on a community picnic, we should consider

            arranging a &ldquo;Concert

          in the Park.&rdquo;</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2"> <b>Newsletter.</b> Liz said she would call Bob Ferguson regarding sponsoring

          additional Newsletters.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2"> <b>SDART. </b>Debra reported that she had volunteered to direct initial

          inquires to the SDART (<b>S</b>eattle <b>D</b>isaster <b>A</b>id &amp; <b>R</b>esponse <b>T</b>eams)

          program. She read an e-mail she had received from Elizabeth Mash, who

          is with the City. Elizabeth Mash stated the City is receiving a high

          volume of requests. The City is able to provide help for personal and

          home preparedness, but the neighborhood preparedness aspect would fall

          to a new SDART Program Manager (hopefully hired by the end of this

          year).</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Debra did receive a host-kit that suggested inviting 25 to 30 neighbors

          for an in-home meeting. They provided personal invitation forms and

          flyer form and additional advice and information.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Discussion followed. Our original thoughts on SDART had been that

          it would be good to organize a neighborhood meeting to get as many

          people as possible exposed to the program and hopefully allow groups

          of neighbors to become enthused and begin their planning and preparedness

          by blocks.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Liz said that the College will be inquiring

            of LSCC how they can be a better neighbor. It was suggested that

            perhaps the College could be a co-sponsor of the event. Liz said

            that she would invite the new NSCC Facilities Manager to our next

            meeting. Wally Fosmore, the previous Facilities Manager, had attended

            our meetings and kept us informed about happenings at the College,

            but we have not met Wally&rsquo;s

          replacement.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Liz said the SDART community meeting should

            take place in February. Kay volunteered to head up the planning for

            this event. Liz suggested that she get in touch with Jan Brucker

            and gave her Jan&rsquo;s e-mail

          address. Liz and Debra also said they would assist. Melissa Coiley

          volunteered to help also.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Liz asked Ken Thompson to inquire at the

            North Precinct about representation at the meeting. Liz said she

            would contact the Fire Department, Larry&rsquo;s,

          NSCC, City Light, and the facilities manager for Wilson-Pacific School.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2"><b>Discussion followed.</b> The SDART program builds on or could facilitate

          or strengthen block watch programs. It was suggested that we could

          have a table for the block watch program at the event.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">The Student Activity Center was suggested as a location for the meeting.

          The Rose Room would not be big enough. Plus, the Student Activity Center

          has a stage.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2"> <b>100 th Street Sidewalks.</b> Liz reported that Trung Pham has said that

          he needs to do more outreach before the alternative sidewalks project

          can proceed.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">A general discussion of sidewalks followed.</font></p>

        <p><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><o:p></o:p><STRONG><U>NEW BUSINESS:</U></STRONG></font></p>

        <p align="left"> <font size="2"><b>Candidate Forum.</b> Liz announced that a

            candidate forum would be held by the Greenwood Community Council

            at the Taproot Theatre on Tuesday, November 1 st, from 7:00 p.m.

            to 9:00 p.m. GCC had asked if LSCC was interested in co-sponsoring

            this event, but Liz had declined on LSCC&rsquo;s

          behalf.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2"> <b>GAIN. </b>Liz reported on GAIN (Greenwood-Aurora

            Involved Neighbors). They are sponsoring &ldquo;A Greenwood-Aurora Public Safety Forum&rdquo; on

          Wednesday, October&nbsp;26, 2005, beginning at 6:30 p.m. at the Greenwood

          Elementary School Cafeteria. Attending this Safety Forum will be City

          Councilmembers David Della, Nick Licata, Richard McInver, and Peter

          Steinbrueck. From the Mayor&rsquo;s office will be Jordan Royer and

          Marco Lowe. From the Police Department will be Captain Washburn, Lieutenant

          Reed, and Sergeant Newsom. Hopefully a lot of neighbors will attend.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Safety and crime concerns were discussed. A friend of Liz was accosted

          while walking her dog at Licton Springs Park!</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2"> <b>Wilson-Pacific School.</b> An inquiry was made about Wilson-Pacific School.

          Liz said that the school at this time is used for the Indian Heritage

          School, some kind of daycare/preschool, and for storage. They are now

          storing school buses in the yard, as well as the grounds crew vehicles.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Debra noted that there had been a school in the Haller Lake Community

          that was no longer used as a school. There the School District attempted

          to sell the property to a developer. The community had fought this

          attempt at significant cost to it. They had been successful.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Such a situation could very well be in our future, also.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Kay inquired about the gym at Wilson-Pacific.

            She said that her husband and friends had used the gym for a time,

            but were told that it wasn&rsquo;t

          available to them because another group was taking it over. She wondered

          who was using the gym. Liz told Kay that she would give her information

          about Sue Ellwiggin, who is with the School District. She will know

          about the gym at Wilson-Pacific.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">Our next meeting is Wednesday, November 16, 2005.</font></p>

        <p align="left"><font size="2">The meeting was adjourned at 8:55 p.m.</font></p>

        <p><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">Respectfully submitted,</font></p>

        <p><font size="2" face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">Ellen M. Beck, Secretary</font></p>

        <p>&nbsp;        </p>

        <P align=center><FONT face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size=2><STRONG><FONT 

      color=#339999><A 

      href="../../index.html"><B>Welcome</B></A><B> | <A 

      href="../../localin/localopen.html">Local Interest</A> 

          | <A 

      href="../../action/action.html">Neighborhood in Action</A><BR>

          <A 

      href="../council.html">Community Council</A> 

          | <A 

      href="../currents.html">Currents Newsletter</A> 

          | <A 

      href="../../action/links.html">Links</A></B></FONT></STRONG></FONT> </P>

      </TD>

  </TR>

</TBODY></TABLE></BODY></HTML>

